# Priya
Dear Nanna,  I wish you were here…  I’m sorry I don’t tell you I love you enough…  I’m sorry I don’t thank you enough…  I’m sorry I don’t make you happy enough…You are my hero, you are my role model, you are my best friend, you are my guardian, you are my strength and weakness, and you are my light at the end of the tunnel.  Thank you for giving birth to me. Thank you for bringing me to this world. Thank you for all the sacrifices you have made so I can always have the best food, have the most expensive clothes, go to a good school.  Thank you for the valuable life lessons you taught me. Your wisdom taught me the meaning of happiness. Your integrity showed me the right way of doing things. Your love proved me that real love still exists.  “Throughout the years, you taught me how to be a strong, and independent person”  I miss you Nanna…!!  You are missed more than the words I could ever say,  I’ve felt your absence every day of my life since you were stolen from me. I fell into a never-ending well of pain after you died.  After your death, my dreams plagued me whether they were about your death or when they fooled me into thinking you were still alive. Waking up every morning and again remembering your death was the hardest part of my life.  My world fell apart when you died. I miss those precious moments spent with you, I miss your voice, I miss your hug, I miss your kiss on my forehead, I miss our conversations, I miss you when you are not by my side to feed me with your hands when I have a hectic day. I miss you when I am ill and you are not around. I miss you when I feel lonely, I miss you when you are not there to wipe my tears when I cry.  “I still remember your beautiful smile… It can’t be replicated. It’s impossible, no one else has your smile”  I learned many things from you. You were a fantastic father. I was lucky to have you… you were a fantastic, awesome, loving and kind-hearted person.                                            You are the reason for what I’m today…  Now, I’m a strong independent woman..!!  The loss of you made me strong. I became an independent young woman who wanted to do it all on her own. I love that I became strong, but I hate that I had to lose you to do it…  Finally, missing you badly  I Love you Nanna….  With lots of love, your daughter  Vasantha (Bangaram)
